It's about to be AOT civil war out here. Hyping for the next battle. Great episode.
Armin loves Annie nice to see Hitch again RIP Zackly Yelena very sus Eren jacket scene is better in the pre-animated trailer animation quality overall of this episode is so average  Pieck best girl sighting in the end!  next episode is my favorite dealing with (social) darwinism
RIP Zackly, he went out with a bang.   The OST that played at the end of the episode was hype af. 
Oh man...when Eren puts on that jacket like a badass similar to one of the promotional visuals.  Looks like this episode is the beginning of the main climax for its buildup. Next month's episodes should be very exciting tbh. 
Intense buildup from start to finish! Seems like the Animation Quality is dropping a tier though which is very concerning indeed but the story quality is still top-notch and that's more than enough to make up for it, I honestly think.   Eren climbing up that rock and putting on that cloak was amazing, I've been waiting for this since the first PV! I'm definitely curious what the mid-card info was about.   Zackly-san down. Just when Mikasa was about to commit a mischievous act. Such are the uncertain times in SnK world, I suppose.   Yelena and Zeke. Obviously up to something and seeing Hange + Pixus trying to decipher it is pretty darn cool to watch unfold as well.  A restaurant, they say? I'm ready!   Edit: How'd I forget about Hitchie? Loved that convo b/w her and Armin, lol. Annie still popular as ever...  https://twitter.com/anime_shingeki/status/1366049268704813057
Eren escapes prison and we finaly see the glorious Eren moment in the anime. That jacket scene was cool but the one in the trailer was better.  Well everyone's out to catch Eren now. Also Connie's getting more and more annoying. He's just too salty atm and can't get a clear view of things. Pieck is shown at the end, so they've already infiltrated Paradis.
I have no compassion for those who plot against Eren, they could die for all I care, fuck you Zachary.  The jacket scene is here, actually it looks worse than it did in the manga, even the trailer looked better but as we know that the trailer was a big fat lie. I was waiting for the jacket scene for a long time, kind of disappointed. But I'll forgive MAPPA this time because of how many godly 10 pack Eren shots they decided to add in this episode, by far the best episode, carried by Eren's abs.   Some more Eren shots: 
it looks so BAD in motion holy shit, Eren moves like a robot  again the trailer was a scam, everything looked better there
The jacket scene was better in the trailer, but still good. Overall, an average episode
Damn lots of off model character designs this episode. Sadge 
They did that Eren jacket scene PERFECT.   
What I’ve enjoyed the most of past “slower” episodes is that they do not cut much content at all from the manga. There’s so many important dialogues that completely removing some of it for a faster pacing would be detrimental. This episode was good, covered chapter 110 and some of 111. Next episodes is definitely going to energize the masses.  To be honest, my only complaint, and call it a nitpick if you want, is the jacket scene. The overall character design of Eren was really clean, same for Floch, but when he puts his jacket on he looks like a hunchback. The lighting is better than in the trailer but the shot itself is worse and I think its due to the slow mo animation. I’m only bringing it up because the panel itself from the manga gives me an eyegasm everytime. I think they should’ve used a still for it.    Vs  Vs   Tatakae Yeagerists.
  off model close up drawings will be corrected in the BluRay version for sure though but ye Pixis looks like an alien on some of those drawings lol
  Yeah lmao just hoping it doesn't get worse in the upcoming episodes. Preview at least looks a lil bit better.
SHINZOU SASAGEYO SHINZOU SASAGEYO SHINZOU SASAGEYO  besides some off model shots this was a real good episode.   Eren walked like a damn king. Looked way better than the pv imo. Pieck-san in the end! SASUGA PIECK-CHAN! As beautiful as ever. The soundtrack there was also hyped af. I was shitting myself the whole episode.
He is finally Here!   Btw are they going to skip the Zeke gas backstory cause it's too sensitive? Or will it be the next episode? They also censored the shit out of Zackly but oh well.  Mod Edit: Added spoiler tags; please hide plot details.
Noooo Zackly noooo :/ the best inventor of AoT universe Finally the famous Eren and his jacket scene, though he looked kinda cooler in the trailer still looks good tho xD
Off Model Drawings were many but I know they are gonna be fixed in the BR.Direction was good but the preview of the next episode looks so much better than this.
  probably re-arranged next ep. I just hope it won't be as rushed as reiner's lol.  Mod Edit: Modified quote of edited post.
We lost a great artist and his masterpiece today. RIP Zackley and the S H I T  M A C H I N E. Gone too soon but never forgotten.  In his honour, I would now like to remember the SHIT MACHINE in its full uncensored manga glory.  NSFM: https://i.imgur.com/5M0sY2A.jpg  Rest in Peace sweet prince.  Mod Edit: Added spoiler tags; please hide plot details. Also added proper NSFM tags to the NSFM picture.
The jacket scene was weird tbh
  Very obvious it will be at the beginning of next episode.  Mod Edit: Modified quote of edited post.
The animation was possibly the most limited in this ep out of the 12 we have. Nothing to cry about tho. I saw Eren's nipple.
I'm surprised they censored Zackly's corpse that much
  Same. Hopefully rearranged for next episode and they reveal it before  Niccolo tries to hit Gabi with the wine bottle   Mod Edit: Modified quote of edited post.
Great episode. Drawings didnt seem off model at all idk what people are seeing and are nitpicky about i mean mappa is delivering decent quality. Chad eren scene was well dpne although a little bit of off model in betweening considering it was an imp scene couldve been done better but still great episode good choice of ost
Pacing got through so much, and I'm pretty sure quite a bit was rearranged. Different kind of thrill, but a thrill nonetheless.  Surprised they skipped how Eren broke out tho. It wouldn't even be 10 seconds lol.
We saw it in the preview for ep13, we are definitely getting it.
  It could also be lack of time and drawing that detail part would take up too much time.
Oh I forgot, the other nitpick that I have is that MAPPA actually showed the wrong version of Eren that talked with Yelena about the plan. It was in the past when Eren had medium length hair to the sides but they showed manbun Eren which Yelena had never met. And his facial expression was nonexistent. Fingers crossed that it’s corrected in the blueray but low hopes for it happening.  anime  manga 
I'm done, that fcking jacket scene was so awful
I don't think the hairstyle he has matters to be honest. I think it was a choice rather than a mistake. We don't know if this was the first time Eren wore a manbun.
mappa just tried guys
Finnaly chad yeager.... And whats wrong with pixis's face. I need to see again with 1080p.
Well, all roads lead back to Zeke.
What's wrong with Pixis face? It really needs to be completely redone in the bluray... Idk what is the problem with the jacket scene it looks really great I really don't know what people are complaining about?
I love the jacket scene, it has its impact similar to the manga. Overall good episode
No it’s definitely a mistake if you remember chapters 130 and 132 lol. Yelena had never met manbun Eren at that point she met with the “gentle soul heading towards depression” Eren from 3 years before. Big difference on mental state from both versions of Eren.
All I can say is, read the manga. They even fucked up Eren's hair in the Yelena flashback. Eren was supposed to have short hair. I have no idea what Mappa is doing
It was a very nice episode as usual! The Eren scene was made actually better than the trailer. So, props to MAPPA for that. Also, Pieck-chan at the end aaaaahhhhh! That was so hype <3   5/5
Abs deeper than the character writing
the only thing that matters
 Goes to show how hell the production schedule is. Easy Blu-ray fix.
 Any manbun Eren content is good, even if it's not supposed to be like that
oh shit yeah. that seems too big of a mistake to happen. Could it be intentional? if so, I wonder why.  maybe fanservice lol???
Mappa and the entire aot staff are  absolute clowns, lmao  It’s so sad, i always ask myself about what could have been if WIT were the ones rather animating Season 4.  Am just sick and tired of how they keep ruining all the hype moments, how tf did they manage to ruin the jacket scene, wtf!!! WIT always delivered when it mattered, am yet to see mappa do justice to even one of the hype scenes.  Indeed AOT has massively lost its touch.  #mappasucks
Another one. Cant help but laugh.  Mod Edit: Removed quote of deleted post.
I know that. That's not what I'm saying. What I'm saying is it's not a mistake because it doesn't matter. It is completely irrelevant what kind of hairstyle Eren had when he met Yelena. Also, they could have changed it to take place more recently than when he had shorter hair. We DON'T know if Eren only wore a manbun starting with ch106. He could have worn it before even going to Marley but we just didn't see it. Hayashi storyboarded this so I find it hard to believe he didn't do this intentionally.
  Oh, the things viewing with rose tinted glasses can do to people.
guys there's no point in arguing with people who don't even have valid points to bring up  especially those who haven't even watched the episode lol 
I can't get over these guys crying over a jacket-wearing scene (that doesn't look bad AT ALL btw).   It's just too cringe. It's just a guy wearing a jacket. Chill.  
Nearly 1.4 chapters adapted, pacing was on top! Awesome Episode!
they look amazing. also both of them got rid of that yee yee ass haircut   
  It was awesome, and i liked the way Floch spoke to him, and the landscape, colors etc! Awesome episode. Tho i wanted to see Zachary non censored....
  Personally think that was an animation mistake. According to the story Yelena met up with Eren close to the time with the train blushing scene and Eren's hair still hadn't grown enough for a manbun at this point. Something they can fix in the blueray and seems minor. But it shouldn't affect the story much as you said.
  Bro shut up no one cares that they increased the length of eren's hair in one insignificant scene
  Do you think they would show an exploded corpse cut off near his waist on television without censorship? Think they did the next best thing they could given their constraints.
Dude Eren looks massive, JESUS! In the manga he is toned, but here he is massive xD. CHAD 
So imo the eren jacket sence was better than the trailer one, actually i don't get it, why the hell they are complaining about slightest shit?you just watched it online from japan that's not the actual quality, just wait and watch 1080p from crunchyroll then post  critisesm (some actually didn't watch it the episode yet) idk man I'm sick of this toxicity it just ruining my experience and some other people
  Saying "no homo" will cover for me joining you to simp for him right?
I think its more of a problem of drawing the details than censorship this time
  I mean yeah, they showed Mike getting biten like a bubblegum to a certain extend, or Hannes having his guts hanging, but they only showed 1/4 of Zacharis head,like come on 
Eren jacket-wearing was great...  I really can not understand some people ... that scene was bad just because it did not look like the manga ??!
  Both of those were season 2 right? Think AoT was on MBS at that point and not NHK like right now. Censorship constraints may differ due to the channel change. And NHK is one of the main broadcasters in Japan iirc.  I totally understand you though. I would have preferred it not to be censored but given the channel constraints they did what they could.
  no home no home i forgot! xD
Huh? The fact that you are actually a manga reader but dont understand why showing the wrong version of Eren speaking with Yelena is an issue in terms of timeframe is concerning. Especially because this timeframe is referred to again later in the story. And yes, the hairstyle he has is actually important in this case.
 Now I definitely want the next parts to be in a movie format or else they'll censor everything.
wow, this episode was good.  Zackly went kaboom, rip shit machine. Eren escapes out of prison, that jacket scene could have been better. But Eren still looks hot as hell. Rise of the Yeagerists here we go. Ooh, the next episode is the restaurant scene. No Zeke this episode bummer.
 It really isn't that bad...
  That’s some manga readers for you :”D
Movie would be pg 13 everything would be censored. You really think they’ll cripple the amount of tickets they sell by putting an age restrition or R rating?
It will be PG 13, but the censorship will be way lesser than what NHK allows, that's the reason a movie could be a bit of a better option, like Mugen no Train, Rengoku's messed up eye thou
Fuck jjk , MAPPA you should give more time to this masterpiece not some random generic shonen 😭😭😭
Awesome episode, CHADREN THE GREAT looked really good, jacket scene was good, some off model drawings but they will probably be fixed in the blu-ray, hopefully the Zackly death censorship is also fixed in the blu-ray.  Animation quality is dropping a bit but that's understandable and it still looks great. Can't wait for next weeks episode!
every fucking eren kino scene is ruined (except ep 5 i guess) mappa really loves armin i guess
If you are anime only you are going to disappoint of not having action scenes if you are manga reader you cry about animation but believe me next episode is going to insane by the way levi looks great as hell
 MAPPA is caught up to the Armin wank chapters. Although I disagree, this looks better than in the manga but worse than the trailer. But then again the jacket scene never really meant that much to me.
  Unfortunately money talks and JJK is selling like hot cakes at the moment.  Mod Edit: Removed baiting.
MAPPA confirming the theory 
 ey we finally agree on something.  Also, they don't love Armin, they love Gabi. 
  i cannot for the love me know why they didn't use the fucking trailer shot.its already made just reuse it.   why reanimate eren to be 80 year old with back issues and fat ass cheeks with the sun being 2 cm from him.do they seriously think it was better?  jesus christ
From all the major anime sites, this ofc would be the one to talk about a character wearing a shirt... it's a pathetic place for people to discuss plot, story, possibilities etc! Horrible place 
  I hate MAPPA , and you should to for the better future , I got fever 🥵 after hearing that they ruined eren jacket scene  Mod Edit: Modified quote of edited post.
  You should see the Attack on Titan Wiki discord during and after the episode airs if you think this is bad. Place is a cesspit.  In fact, I wouldn't be surprised if a lot of negativity you see on here comes from same users over there.
 if S4P2 is on late 2021. 100% eren kino  paths  will be fucking ruined.  atleast armin and gabi fanboys can rest assured they'll get the highest wank and quality in both mediums
 Ruin? lol, it is different not sincerly bad. Your standards are clearly in the sky for AoT.
  Sorry, the first comment I made in my reply was addressed to you specifically, the second one was to another user here.  Mod Edit: Modified quote of edited post.
 That's not a simple decision. The world of making anime is a obscure world. Many people think that its simple but its not.
OHHHHH SHIITTTT IS IT REALLY
 who care I don't even properly read you comment  Mod Edit: Modified quote of edited post.
This is a hot take but the Eren jacket scene is much, much better in the anime than it was in the trailer, now fite me
Here is your jacket scene, you crybabies 
go fight yourself I am busy right now
  OMGGG, U GET IT, TIME TO SHARE
Why are there so many people hating the episode ? Is it because of the jacket scene ?
Eren's jacket scene was hyped AF. Loved it.
 I guess that's the main reason. People can't change their profile picture to the one they desired it to be
 I mean I do get that the jacket scene is iconic but is it really that important ?
The buildup to something big, I love it. What is up with the complaining though, people out here nitpicking every little thing.
 I don't know. Imo it was really dope scene eren looked hot af I liked it but yeah I understand why would some people be disappointed
"Mom said it's my turn to play on the Xbox." 
Can't they just take it from the trailer?
Weakest episode so far in this season, production is struggling (and finally it's visible, SURPRISED) Anyway, good episode content wise. But something is missing, like the feeling of something big is gonna happen soon. I liked the ost played in jacket scene. Wish it looked clean (I'm waiting for the best version to watch later)
 No because trailer shot is different Eren model and also it's just colored manga panel with no animation
 tfw the olympics is delayed but still have to train 
Damn. Too much crazy shit went down in this episode for me to compile it all here.  So all I'm going to speculate is if Pieck is going to do to Paradis, what Eren did to Marley.   Is it going to be another new cycle of wrongings at revenge, similar to Reiner and his squad invading Paradis with titans, and then Eren and his squad invading Eldia with theirs?
Damn that explosion, RIP Zackly... it could have killed Armin and Mikasa too... The situation is extremely tense, and Eren walking outside shirtless was epic, what a chad 
How was the pacing ? Did they cut anything ?
  They left the ragako incident and adapted everything from 110 up to the restaurant part in 111. That Ragako village incident will be included in episode 13 or 14, so it was like 1.3 chapters maybe? But my concern is chapter episode 13. it needs to cover what was left from chapter 110 (like 7 panels), half of 111 and how much of 112? Unless they leave the table scene for episode 14, which includes also levi. That means that probably you gonna need chapter 114 115 and 116 adapted on episode 15 and 16, i hope they dont cut much!  Mod Edit: Added spoiler tags; please hide plot details.
Nice fucking animation ?? Is that what I'm supposed to fucking say ???  
Thank Christ it got good again despite that previous shitty episode.   Based on what I've seen so far in this season, the new Eldian military was so greedy and desperate to cling to whatever perceived semblance of power they had that they decided to lock their greatest asset up and then attempt to kill him despite popular opposition from the people, and as a result left him with literally no option but to turn against them with the forward thinking members of the military following suit. Eren's faction tried reasoning with them, got locked up for revealing what was going on to the people. They tried peaceful protests which were completely ignored. They are living in a military dictatorship so it's not like they had any means to try and vote Zackley out. Add to that the urgency of the military deciding to have Eren executed and what the fuck did you expect?  Coup completely justified. Yeagerist faction all the way. Only thing I wish is that Mikasa was right there with him instead of these weird shocked faces when she knows these fucks were literally about to KILL him.  Remember season 1 when Eren first transformed into a titan and those military guys were trying to kill him so she pulled her blades out and threatened to slice up anybody who approached them? Or season 2 when Eren got kidnapped and she threatened to kill both Ymir and Historia if they got in her way? How is this different? Pretty sure she'll side with him eventually but this hesitation is weird.  Anyway Floch is such a commendable character now. The Mikasa fangirl from previous episode was right next to him too. Very interested in seeing more of them. Somewhat surprised with how quickly Eren went along with this new faction which suggests to me he was in on it from the start.  Lastly we got a shot of Pieck who seems to have snuck onto Paradis. I guess Marley has indeed moved quickly and not just to launch a straight forward invasion. Should get even more interesting with effectively 3 factions clashing now.  Overall very satisfied with this week's episode.
Hell of a scheduled because of production committee = people wanting the best quality, there some off model characters but that's all, for me the Eren jacket scene is way better in the anime than the manga 
I liked this episode. I think the episode was paced well and did a good job of building up tension. No Zeke this episode, but it's coming soon. 
I have a mixed feeling but overall it's 4.7/5  The design isnt showing inconsistencies but straight changing it from what we've seen in previous episodes of S4. But Hange, Floch, and Eren seems upgraded to the same level as Gabi so it's cool for me(thanks God).  This episode met its purpose, to be tenseful. It surely is. From start to finish my reaction is "what the fuck is happening". What's impressive about this one is military reactions and civilians "Shinzou wo Sasageyo". It seems their coup d'etat from S3 backlash on them lol.  By the way, claps to Pixis, he's the MVP of this episode. Him cornering Yelena, him taking a lead of militaries, and his charisma is just.... hell fucking chad.  On the side note: Looks like they want to show that Yeagerist as kind as possible(glorify them). We got calmer Eren and Floch(which is funny because both of them originally loud as fuck), some dedicated looks from another members of Yeagerist, and civilians supports.  Also, why the fuck Onyankopon is so cool and likeable as hell?
the animation is not bad still some people complained about it. small small not die big big trouble people. these people always complain. then compare to jjk so stupid haiyaaa. overall good episode and good animation.
aaa shit going down. Shinzo wo sasageyo is back!
EREN DID NOTHING WRONG AND EVERYONE NEED A FOLLOWER LIKE FLOCH 
oh shit chad eren is back in action, though it's a shame he's probs gonna be sidelined for a little bit longer based on the previews. Seems like next ep is gonna focus on monke and gabi/falco   though ngl, I feel like the Eren jacket sunset scene would've actually been a dope spot to leave the episode on lol
Very good episode ;) Hitch has changed a lot,  Finally that beautiful scene of Ereh 0.0 And that final scene hmmmm, next episode is going to be intresting
There was some little problems with animation but overall it was good. I think you guys are complaining so much
  One Piece tier tbh lmao
Do you know the difference between art and animation? Doesnt seem like it
  lmfao this cannot be real
If they're incapable of drawing a still frame then what can they draw ???
Zannen! I loved Zackly, he was a perfect Aot devil, a funny one tho.. my heart raced at Eren’s jacket scene (≧∀≦)
  Damn, it looks like AOT S1 TV version
  They need you man, go and apply as a CAD or animator! Btw did you notice that zachary blew up? probably not, since the story is not the main thing in this "animation experts" site xD
Tell me he succeeds.
@IPFdomain  Its not that they can't draw it, its the lack of time that is the problem.  I'm pretty sure you are aware that they were in a very tight schedule, and its a miracle that they got it out in such a short time.  So criticising them like this is really unfair.
 me when the epic mikasa still frame  running !! keragamming said:@IPFdomain   Its not that they can't draw it, its the lack of time that is the problem.  I'm pretty sure you are aware that they were in a very tight schedule, and its a miracle that they got it out in such a short time.  So criticising them like this is really unfair.keragamming said:@IPFdomain  Its not that they can't draw it, its the lack of time that is the problem.  I'm pretty sure you are aware that they were in a very tight schedule, and its a miracle that they got it out in such a short time.  So criticising them like this is really unfair.They should've delayed.
Really disappointing episode animation wise. Can not wait for the forest disaster now.
 who are you saying that to? mappa or the staff of aot? and they are incapable of drawing a still frame? u expect them to give sakuga everytime in a rushed schedule? 
This one, man, damn! Looks so cool! These duo looks determined as hell.    Also, there's another shots which is easily my fav from this episode(entire season too perhaps):            
"oh no the animation was trash even tho animators are crunching for hours and hours" i swear someone in this thread said the staff of aot are clowns
They should've delayed, pushing out dogshit is unnecessary. 
  you can always drop the series? so you won't have to "suffer" and also we don't get to have you here every week ?
Zeke and Yelena's plan is in motion
>animating a titan is too hard guys its literally impossible in this decade (despite WIT doing just fine 3 seasons)) >animating new survery corps outfit is too hard and complex >animating a guy in a sink too hard guys, will be fixed in blu ray (maybe) >animating a jacket is too hard guys  maybe if everything is so hard on AOT, why would they take on the job?
The jacket scene was something I was looking forward to the most this season but I am very disappointed with how it looked.
the ost in this episode was perfect!! i love how mappa animated the explosion scene!! nice to see my girl hitch again :) the pacing in this episode was also perfect imo  next episode gonna be sooo good i’ve been waiting so long to see the restaurant scene animated!!! :D  also.. EREN DID THE THING HE DID THE COAT THING AHHH (it looked kinda weird tho)
yea so blame kodansha and mappa higher ups not those poor animators crunching for hours
  Yeah, go and tell Kondasha committee, they might change xD, btw did you notice that stuff happened today? Oh wait story is irrelevant LMAO 
Facts, mappa proved itself to be a shit studio and whoever working on this should be fired expeditiously 
hell nah LMAO I couldn't care less not like I watch the entirety of AOT just to sit here and complain about animation, its just so fucking disappointing man imagine new anime watchers watching this shit a year from now ???? They will literally drop this shit lol
 Can u please tell me what Blu-ray actually is and how to get it
 blu-ray is improved verisons of the anime,it released 3-6 months after the anime ends. you either buy it for 300$ or get it for free.......on some websites  however if they'll improve much or not is up to debate,in dorohedoro they barely changed anything. and since this is 8 eps per blu-ray i doubt there will be massive changes . maybe recolor or a panel there and there. %99.99 will look the same
Ok so let me complaint first a lot of eye sore animation and I didn't like jacket scene and m the guy who didn't even watched the trailer so I don't get spoiled even a little bit Honestly jacket scene could've been much better but eren is so badass and when he said locate Zeke it made my heart skip a beat so I would say it made up for it  And pacing was ok in my opinion Armin and annie was amazing and ofc hitch was being a hitch Especially I would love to see mikasa being more than soldier and having a greater power or influence at her disposal like hizuru's whole nation  Overall amazing ep
  Seems enough i guess, atleast. Its coloring is kind of annoys me. There's plenty of em but im too lazy to take a screenshot. For example like this episode, that jacket scene is cool but the sunlight really bothering my eyes to focus on that sexy 10 pack abs.
  M not gonna buy it ofc I'll just have to pirate it like always after all it's aot we're talking about I would like to see it as better as I can
Mappa haters can keep on hating, they did a great job animating this episode. If it weren't for them we wouldn't be watching AoT finale season right now.
When I learned that they didn't play YOUSEEBIGGIRL when Eren wearing his jacket...  ... I was so disappointed
  Tell that to the production committee. If they get enough time for part 2, things could be a lot better.
Is it me or is AOT's pace slowing down every episode?
  At this rate words like this is really as annoying as among us meme lol
 "It was different from the world I saw in  ̶A̶r̶m̶i̶n̶'̶s̶ ̶b̶o̶o̶k̶  the trailer."
Lol what ? You acting like the manga doe3sn't exist, its also of quality 😎😎😎
Was the manga also of the same pace?
Okay so a lot of shit went down. The Eren jacket scene was dope asf. I wonder what he will do and was he responsible for that commander getting killed.
  The seasons had an inordinate amount of people that go around dishing out 1/5's for no reason at all other than spite.  It had 6 of them before this episode even aired in Japan on the poll.  Mod Edit: Removed abuse/baiting.
  It's just another "looks cool ngl" moment. It's about preferences, some prefer manga and trailer some prefer anime but i'm good with those 3.  Mod Edit: Modified quote of edited post.
You cherry pick frames and generalize your entire opinion over it. Everyone can do the same for AOT under WIT. Tiresome arguments that arent worth entertaining. IPFdomain said:Sad7727 said:>animating a titan is too hard guys its literally impossible in this decade (despite WIT doing just fine 3 seasons)) >animating new survery corps outfit is too hard and complex >animating a guy in a sink too hard guys, will be fixed in blu ray (maybe) >animating a jacket is too hard guys  maybe if everything is so hard on AOT, why would they take on the job?Facts, mappa proved itself to be a shit studio and whoever working on this should be fired expeditiously You cant be a grown person with that mindset. I refuse to believe so.
Oh you would be gravely mistaken/...
The episode was fine and all but they completely butchered the eren wearing the jacket scene....the one in the trailer was way better
  Still weightless thoughts by the way.
Pieck-chan what the fuck are you doing in Paradis?
RIP Zackly. Armin and Mikasa were almost caught in the explosion.  I totally forgot about Eren's jacket scene. The trailer version looked better tho.  Never liked Floch.
Floch is the best sidekick any protagonist has ever had
Ok guys it’s time to bully Mappa directors again. At this point they’re just begging for it lmao
Animation kind of subpar in this one imo but whole eren scene was good. Maybe I’m just a sucker for scenes with the sunset in the background. Although I am going to say I prefer trailer version 
  For real though, he's not even cared Eren personally but the way he supported him so bad while having his own goal is just... what a helpful selfless sidekick.
   Yes yes. I agree. As long as we see eren. Not everyone is a manga reader so we don't care about that kind of detail.
Floch you absolute chad. You madlad
Hitch has finally appeared in The Final Season! It was funny when she noticed Armin trying to touch the crystal with Annie inside.  The scene with angry mob shouting "Shinzou! Sasageyo!" right after Zachary died in an explosion was adapted perfectly. I had imagined this scene to look like that while reading the manga.  Same goes with awesome looking scene with Eren putting on a jacket; and same goes with the scene during which Pixis and others were discussing the current situation on Paradis (including Zachary's assassination by Yaegerists).  The tension rises with each episode. Paradis is on the verge of civil war. We are slowly getting closer to the ultimate climax of this situation.   Pieck-chan looked cute in the last frames of this episode. :)  By the way, have you noticed two scenes with weird looking Mikasa (when she went with Armin to Zachary) and Pixis (when he talked to Mrs. Azumabito)? Their faces looked weird. Not as bad as just weird, lol. 
Eren's jacket scene was way better in the trailer to be honest.   Well, this is the start of yeagerists claiming power. 
Ok, First of all I never write any thing against AOT Animation so far because i konw how tiring it is. But that doesn't mean i didnt notice any still frames or CGI stuff like that i was just trying to ignore it and kept enjoying yhe show.  But my fu*king ... this episode.This episode had such a big chance to gain the spotlight back again which was left somewhere in previous 3 episodes but noo MAPPA can never allow us to keep us to do so.I mean im not being a nit picker or something like that but it 100% seems like MAPPA is trying to avoid every thing that has details and good animation potential to it because,Only speaking for this episode only first and the most biggest disappointment was that eren jacket scene it was too OP in its original manga and PV version but the way he puts the jaket seems like he his wearing it for the fitst time in his life because who in the world bends that much to wear it and where the hell is the amazing background in tgat scene drom PV/MANGA....like its too much beyond ignorance capacity for me in this episode they even animated mikasa running towards armin in the biggening of the episode so much trash that you can literally see frame droops easily and then tgey skkiped erens crystal structure that he makes to escape from prison and then zackerys dead body deatils and soo much that it looks like people in MAPPA dont want to draw thats above mideocer level and make even epic/Legendary moments around mideocer like really. Please im beggeing srory is epic bit dont ruin it soo much that we have to notice concept like lack of deatils and wierd direction errors every episode pleass its a humble request.
God that Eren jacket scene was such a cocktease in the trailer, and no surprise there, they changed it and made it worse! Decent episode nonetheless.
All hail Gigachad Eren and God Emperor Floch. Dedicate your heart!
I sometimes think that we don't deserve the final season to be animated because of these reviews. For God sake guys, why we can't enjoy the show without being an experts in criticising people who worked their ass off on this project and still suffering. I don't think we can do better than what they delivered. There's nothing wrong with this season. We Just need to forget Wit studio and forget that we have had watched the trailer.
Fucking blur, that landscape was so beautiful if it wasn't for that goddamn blur, i could barely see anything. Bunch of nobodies teamed up to work on the most popular anime. Ofc they cant do anything properly.
you do realize that they are just rearranging scenes like they did with the pst episodes?
So Eren has gone full rogue, along with a bunch of followers, and they assassinated the top commander. Eren also seems to have the people on his side against the military. Though imagine if Armin and Mikasa had been caught in that explosion, how would Eren have reacted? 
Armin caught lacking in 4K.  Zackely got blown away! Eren escaped! The abs scene! Woo-hoo!!  Eren is a big ass fucking threat like he has never been before. This episode sure did feel slow, but good nonetheless. The restaurant! Warrior candidates are going to get caught Pieck has infiltrated already.  Nice set-up episode.
Mappa spending all their money on jujutsu kaisen, the animation is kind of bad 
Damn Zack got Yeeted hard! Lmaooo. And there's that iconic Jacket scene. Damn shits getting real. 10/10
Dudes complaining about how someone puts on a jacket now LMFAO. Honestly though I feel like after ep 7 or 8 some of the animation parts look "off" I guess? I think the backgrounds and still frames of some shots are really good but its occasionally looks kind of strange at times. Hope they're just saving it for later scenes lol. 
I can feel the pressure boiling and boiling, this episode just brought it to the breaking point.   Now that the Supreme Comander is dead and Eren is free there is so much uncertenty on what will happen. Add onto that Gabi & Falco going to the restaurant where the scouts are visiting AND the Marley warriors infiltrating Paradis.   Holy shit these final 4 episodes will be fire.
Jesus, I think my time here is done. I thought the episode was great, things are ramping up and I can't wait to see what happens next. R.I.P. Zachary. I mean again yes, not every single shot was great, that shot of Mikasa's running was pretty awkward and sometimes Pyxis looks a bit odd. But to say that it's horrible and MAPPA are ruining the story? Nonsense.
Y’all really complaining about the jacket scene and how it’s Mappa’s fault for the animation. Mappa was only given like 6-8 months, what y’all expect jujutsu kaisen tier animation 😹
Y’all really complaining about the jacket scene and how it’s Mappa’s fault for the animation. Mappa was only given like 6-8 months, what y’all expect jujutsu kaisen tier animation 😹
You can never make people happy. It seems that all the fanboys who picked up the manga in the last year or two and think of themselves as experts are nitpicking every single thing out that MAPPA does. No adaptation is perfect, the animation was less impressive as is the usual for more dialogue centric chapters. Lighten up.  Edit: The threads are blowing up with one stupid discussion after another. Mods should really limit who can start a new discussion thread in a popular show like this one.
 Well this has better story telling so idc
I am losing my passion because of this fucking adaption sigh wth is wrong with them!!!no it is not time problem it is just that they don't know what the fans want and what this story need why would you let someone talented like omine direct ep11 which is not really as important as this one and butcher this ep, don't they know that eren scene is really awaited by fans? Why would you make some random unimportant scenes look better, I wish they will stop I prefer not getting an adaption for 3 years over killing my passion like this, everytime I say wow next ep there will be that scene there is noway they will ruin it, it is important and then they fucking ruin it they have a problem with important scene, remember that mikasa enterance scene in ep6 that people hyped like mads then you got cg mikasa and ghoul face mikasa, eren mirror scene and now this scene and many more I hate it,I hate that this season existed it is disappointinI wish I can ignore it and stop watching it but I can't
So true, but you still want sick animation to go with such great stories, just like the previous season to make it a masterpiece 
Great to see the dramatic ass meeting of Eren and Floch in motion. Eren's 10 pack oof  Hilarious seeing everyone crunch their teeth at the thought of submitting to the Jaegerists.   Can't wait for next episode's restaurant scene.
But it has an actual meaning in the grand scheme of things. Yes its a nitpick, but it still is something they should've done right especially since the following sentence Pixis confirms this Yelena/Eren meeting happened before the attack on Liberio where it was hobo Eren at that point of the story.
Just watched the episode with rock-bottom expectations and it was fine for the most part  aside from some off-model faces that can easily be fixed later on. Eren coat scene was paced oddly but it was far from terrible, it was good enough, not as epic as it could have been but it's not like the anime is ruined. Pacing was really good.
 +1 from me, I feel like people take this far too seriously. It's crazy how critical people are being of MAPPA in these threads to point out every little thing.  For the episode itself, it was pretty good.  In the past Eren was a lot simpler to understand, he was reckless but I could understand and get behind his reasoning but fast forward to today, he's almost a completely different guy. I don't understand what he's trying to do, they are being far too vague about his reasons. What got into to him to be so extreme and dare I say apathetic about things? I never would've expected that he'd greenlight a plan to murder Zack assuming he really did do it, not to mention when he knows people that he cared about could be in the vicinity. (I'm not asking for spoilers, if they give me more background in the future that's good enough)  What's Piek doing in Paradis?
Great episode because of the god tier source material, the ost was also great, but yeah the animation was so-so.
This is going to get complicated Very good episode
So, if Eren is supposed to be the villain now, why is the show portraying him as being really "cool and badass"?
Colossal Titan continues to have a crush on Annie.  rip Zackly, glorious Bastard  Marley already infiltrated Eldia Empire, Reiner didn't fuck arround when he said to counter attack immediatly, they got lucky with the timing too with the chaos already going on.
so it's gotten to the point where we are complaining about how someone putting on a jacket is animated?  IMO I prefer this over the trailer anyway
SnK winter soldier is finally here. Great episode, pace and direction was top notch as usual. We finally got the infamous chadren abs panel animated. Manga did it better IMO.  Next week is what I’m really looking forward to though is next week. I already know Gabi’s seiyuu is going to put in another masterful performance.
Wait, I don't get it... What does it matter Yelena secured work for Marleyan prisoners (prisoners? I've thought they were volunteers) in restaurants? Actually, what is even Yelena's plan? What does she want?
I feel bad for Mikasa and Armin... Eren being selfish piece of shit as usual, also the loss of Erwin is too obvious, none of this would have happened with him around, and thanks  goodness Pyxis is still around I was not a fan of the Premier but still seeing him getting  bombed like that was sad.  
For me this episode was somewhat boring in some parts, not bad mind you, but i didnt really care for some scenes (the talk between yelena and the mustache guy comes to mind), i understand that most of the information is indeed important, but they deliver it in such an uninteresting way that sometimes i really just dont care. The tension is building so i appreciate that. I did like the eren being cool as hell by just putting a jacket and revealing his amazing abs. Oh and i guess Floch was cool too. Some of the art did felt pretty iffy, and for a show that lacks animation as a whole (as in the character dont move much), consistent art is pretty important, and considering the tight schedule, the staff have been doing a pretty decent job, but tbh... this episode wasnt it, which is understandable as the schedule just becames tighter and tighter but some off model faces will always make you feel less engaged, but it wasnt that bad. The direction was also pretty mediocre, nothing necessarily bad, but also nothing necessarily good.
Ayyyyy Hitch is back and still looking cute as ever :) Rip Zachary. We got the jacket scene.   Interested to see where these ''Jaegerists'' thing will go, Floch and Yelena making moves.  Gabi and Falco will eat at a nice restaurant next episode, I expect tense stuff.  Also it looks like Marley is attacking back since we saw Pieck.
 LMAO so true. Just saw a guy saying he was looking forward for the jacket scene the most in s4.
armin was acting like a total pussy at the beginning I literally don't remember who this premier guy is or what he did in the story  Is yelena 6'8 or not? Eren's jacket moves in slo mo but he talks at normal speed Probably the worst episode in all of aot animation wise They draw Pieck as a total hottie but make Mikasa look like dogshit.
  Armin would be fine he is a titan and explosion like that won't kill him while Mikasa had good reflect so she likely would be able to dodge it  JanPri said:Wait, I don't get it... What does it matter Yelena secured work for Marleyan prisoners (prisoners? I've thought they were volunteers) in restaurants? Actually, what is even Yelena's plan? What does she want?  Because like Hange said. Yelena and Zeke had insurance or you could say back up plan. and this back up plan was something involved the volunteers. you will get the explanation in next episode
rip Pyxis he looked deformed in half of his shots xD  and wow we about to enter another civil war? 
zachary got bombed, eren escaped from his cell to look for zeke with huge amount of followers and pieck is in paradis, exciting times ahead. paradis's people are fully supportive of eren and hating on the military.  that eren putting on jacket scene wasn't as good as in the manga (that panel was iconic, same with tatakae from episode 9 the manga version was superior), but it was still good enough to see it in animated form. thanks for the effort mappa.
  The most fluid like CG horses is what they can draw    https://imgur.com/EitowJj    Along with the most ambiguous stiff walking animation that makes you think Eren has a rod in his butt    https://imgur.com/ESzdheA    
I'd say this was one of my favourite episodes up to date. Can't wait for next to come
I can't believe the Military Police fucked up so badly. They had the full support of the people and then they made the same mistakes as the previous government and tried to replace Eren behind the scenes, knowing how popular he is. Blowing up Zachary wasn't necessary, but everything else the "Jaegerists" did I can understand. There was no justice to be found by leaving Eren in the cells.  Also Pieck infiltrated Paradise? I hope they will show how she did it, that must not have been easy.
a good ep overall. animation is average. i never expected much from a build-up episode. i'm sure they'll go all out on the action and that's when it counts in my opinion.  i'm just grateful i get to see the final arc animated. keep it up MAPPA! 
Lol no ones talk about the fucking story anymore  Lots of things happening this ep and half of what people are talking about is the animation and how fucking hot Eren abs are (well, can't judge them for that, he's, indeed, extremely hot)
It seems that the stupid nitpicking hasn't slowed down whatsoever, huh? Nothing ever changes, I guess...  Either way, the only issue I had with the episode was the rather average animation and some characters looking a tad off-model, but it's probably to be expected after how good the last few episodes were quality-wise. It's a bit disappointing why so many "super fans" have such a gripe with something that was going to happen sooner or later. =/  The scenes that this episode nailed were the best looking ones and it certainly showed. Eldia is in manic mode now after the explosion which killed the top commander. Eren really has changed a lot since the previous seasons and seeing him working with the "Yeagerists" only shows that things are going to continue getting more chaotic for a while. Not just that, but Pieck has now infiltrated into Eldia. Reiner's call to get into Eldia as quickly as possible was a smart call from him.  More uncertainly and tension will follow at this rate and that has be hyped up for the next episode. =)
Loved the tension and atmosphere in this episode. Gave me some LoGHsies.
There is a big difference between  ep11 and ep12 in terms of animation quality and  model consistency.  Teruyuki omine did a great job in ep.11 ( also declaration of war).  He should have taken more part in this season. It is really sad to see that much difference between two consecutive episodes. 
Damn what an episode. I don't know whether to cheer or root for Eren.   Actually kind of wish Mikasa took some damage from the explosion just to see Eren's reaction. But alas.  My Girl Pieck laying in wait at the end ;3
Very weak buildup episode, especially considering last episode took its damn time as well.
the jacket scene was kinda weird ngl but still i loved the episode even tho it felt depressing and tiring it made me wanna cry haha i miss EMA so much :") i can't wait for the next episode .
 yea, noticed it too, it's probly even worse than Reiner regrowing his hand in s2 since this one can be actually confusing
I think this episode is better than the last couple, things are really picking up now. I don't read manga so I have no clue where this is going but it's super interesting. I don't see how eldians are going to face the world when they are tearing each other apart from within. I'm starting to think Eren doesn't have a plan he's just gone insane.
still lots of building up to.... something. the rumbling i suppose? i hope we get more action scenes soon because those were GREAT :)  yelena interests me a lot, and i am so invested in seeing how the story continues to unfold. i hope we get more insight into eren and his thought process, how he feels about leaving everyone and all that - and imagine if armin and mikasa had been caught up in the explosion, what would he have felt about that?  it's such a great development to have eren go rogue, but i still feel like i don't understand -why-, what was the final straw that made him decide to leave everyone and act alone. sure, he spoke with yelena, who must have said something, and zeke must be planning something too that eren found out about. but even still, he didn't even speak to mikasa/armin/anyone else to talk it through, which is odd?  ANYWAY mikasa and armin's friendship is really shining now and i like it! also i miss when hanji used to be all excitable and energetic, back then the show was almost simpler lol but i can't wait for the moment everything clicks, that's always soooo satisfying  NEXT EP LEVI IS BACK TOO FINALLY <3 also that's sasha's family in the restaurant what the hell nothing better happen to them!!! (and gabi and falco are there too oh dear oh dear and pieck has turned up too oh gosh)
Not gonna lie, it's the first episode of the season that I didn't like. The art and animation was freaking ugly, and the direction very bland.   Looking at the preview, it doesn't seem like there will be any improvements for next week...
Chad Eren   Sure...     Rem: First Time?     Interesting      OMG!       Ohh boy, here it comes!     Damn!       W H A T ?    Actually, he's got a point    Nobody believes you bitch!   Told ya!     True, true      Oh boy, they're already here! btw she looks so fucking dead lmao!      Sooo fucking exited for the next one! 10/10 ACTUAL SPOILER WEEEOOOOO WEEEEOOOOOO  Prepare for, a lot of fucking trouble! 
Okay, so the military planed to replace Eren, Hange and the OG scouts turned on him too somehow, BUT what is their actual plan to save Paradis from destruction? Do they even realize the whole world is about to gang up on them? I really don't get it. Eren is their only chance here.
Well, animation and direction were really subpar in this episode.  Still shots obviously made to save money, horses with dead eyes (I mean, just look at them), a guard eating an apple as if it was the most important thing in the episode, Mikasa's running style and Eren's walking style (I can't even... Jeez, it was meant to be such an iconic moment but it was just funny).  This episode should have been quite emotional with some action, but bad execution ruined it.   The worst moment (direction) : when Mikasa acted surprised like half a second before the blow, looked really strange.  The best moment (due to Isayama): Pixis deciding not to fight Yaegerists. How I love this man, he's always had the interest of people at heart. It was him who gave a chance to Eren to prove himself after he turned out a titan shifter and it was him who staged the "breach of Wall Rose" that was instrumental in the Uprising. I love this man.  The animation quality of the preview for the next week's episode looks significantly better. 
i'm still unsure abt what i think abt the new eren. if i like him or not. but for sure i don't like how he doing things no matter what the reason is. his friends could have died with that explosion.
I can't keep up on the politics and all in this episode.. my brain is too small:" what I know is something bad will happen and I'm not sure what it is.  Holy shit Pieck is already on Paradis Island?!?! 
 Yeah ep 9,10 and 12 had a serious quality drop, still hoping for improvements in the blurry version. ep 13-16 will have a better quality again and after that it would be the best if they release a fckn movie for chapter 117-123, its the best part of Aot and should have the best quality
eren putting on the jacket looked better in the trailer. might be just me though
Lmao i don't understand these manga bros nitpicking every details to complain, seriously y'all are ridiculous...  RIP Dhalis Zachary 🙏 Sad he must be the victim...  Eren scene with Yeagerist are Great, Eren walking to the hill like a GOD...  The OST near the was hyped af...  Yelena still sus, didn't trust her at all...  Etf Pieck-chan is here 😱  Always Remember every episode of AOT is important...
The scene of Mikasa running in the beggining had S3P2 level of quality, but other than that, it was pretty great episode. I felt I was understanding more the dialogue compared to 2 episodes ago. Man, I'm feeling the next couple of episode are gonna be breathtaking.
  Yeah, I agree, we don't deserve THIS kind of quality...   I mean, people saying that things are going to be fixed in Blue Ray are sure optimists, but hell, that would mean redrawing everything, and I don't think this is humanly possible.
Yikes!  What happened?  According to polls this is, by far, the worst episode of the season.  Worse than EP6, criticized for all the CG animation for titans and scouts....  And worse than EP2, criticized for the weird rotoscoping animation...
 Simply put, the adaptation doesn't live up to the source material, while all the previous seasons(with exception of s3 part 1) significantly boosted the overall experience.   3/5, it was okay. As a manga reader judging by how well the anime adapted the source material, it's: Ep8>Ep11>Ep2>Ep5>Ep7>Ep4>Ep9>Ep1>Ep10>Ep12>Ep3>Ep6
GIVE YOUR HEARTS FOR EREN YEAGER!!! Dawn of the Yeagerists is upon us.  Also can't wait for poor Levi fans next episode. Will be a good meme for years to come.
 I legit think this is the main reason why everyone are upset     And unlike everything else, this is something that was 100% shown in the trailer for s4, so most people know what they were robbed of. While the most people don't understand the heights this season could have reached in general if it was adapted how it deserved to be adapted, hence don't understand the manga readers.
 Ah..gotcha...I see why that would be important to people. It's a very cool manga panel.  But I hope no one goes overboard by threatening animators. That would be unfortunate.
  Wow I'm surprised the fact that you can rank the number of the episodes...  As an Anime Only, I'm glad i just can enjoying what i watched....  ImNOTAmOtaku said:Lol no ones talk about the fucking story anymore  Lots of things happening this ep and half of what people are talking about is the animation and how fucking hot Eren abs are (well, can't judge them for that, he's, indeed, extremely hot)  That's the saddest part of this thread... I'm here for the Story discussion but what i found is just ....  Mod Edit: Merged duplicated posts; please use the edit button.
It's amazing how spoilt people are and the effort they will go through to ruin something that they could  easily still enjoy. Animation wah. MAPPA WAH.
  It's amazing how fervient fans try so hard to toss up a smoke screen for people with a more critical eye for details.  "Wah wah, stop shitting on muh precious animuh, you should all be a conformist like I am, wah wah"
A good episode but I really want to see more ^^
Eren really started a world war and then nearly started a civil ar. That's my goat right there.  It's sad that even Mikasa and Armin seem so distant to him now. 
  I'm not even that big a fan, just simply enjoying the fact that I get to watch the last season animated regardless. Your post couldn't be more wrong. Precious.
This was probably the worst-looking episode of the season. Writing's still good, but yeah, when I should have been feeling tension I wasn't because of how cheap a lot of the episode looked. It got distracting. I hope the next ones look better.
I'm glad this season has 16 eps. Lighting was good.
 Thank you for pointing this out-- was much confused at all the hate.Cruicruise said:Okay, so the military planed to replace Eren, Hange and the OG scouts turned on him too somehow, BUT what is their actual plan to save Paradis from destruction? Do they even realize the whole world is about to gang up on them? I really don't get it. Eren is their only chance here. literally me - I don't even know what to expect at this point.
The scene where Floch was handing Eren's jacket to him was so beautiful. I really thought when Pixis said they are gonna surrender he was joking but turns out he was not It's funny that no one are recalling the trial Eren had to go to in season 1.If they DO recall later I bet they would say "It would've been better if we killed him at that time" or something like that. I thought that Pieck was dead?But seems like she was infiltrating Paradis Island all along.
I found the OST's for this episode to be really good and the scene where Eren puts the jacket on was nice. Pretty dialogue heavy episode but it was still pretty enjoyable
 Military started planning to replace Eren when he started going rogue, unlike Historia he doesn't have any special blood in him, he is in fact replaceable. Their plan is still to do the mini rumbling in order to scare off the world while they are modernizing with Hizuru's help, just like Zeke suggested. BUT, they still don't trust Zeke, so they wanted to feed him to Historia as soon as he sets foot in paradis, and that's where the problem started with Eren, who angrily objected to that plan in the first place, basically making it clear that he won't let anyone touch her. That is when the contradiction started. And it became worse, much worse in fact when Eren just left to marley on his own, and started doing his own shit, he basically then forced their hand and massively endangered the Island by his actions, completely losing their trust, what's worse is that Historia got pregnant in that timeframe, and now they cannot feed Zeke to her, it was too much of a coincidence so they got suspicious, they had a pretty good idea at this point that Eren worked with Yelena, who they thought told Historia to get pregnant. So yeah, it's not a surprise that they wanted to replace him with someone they can control.
The OST at the end was damn good, the transition to the restaurant man... 
 Based on the way you converse with others on this forum and spew ignorant statements about how production of anime works. I would say 13-15 years old.
GET FUCKED! THE MILITARY IS SO SHIT 
This is getting closer to a civil war, but it should have been expected by them, if they don't tell anything to the people, they will riot. I don't think that Eren is being manipulated by Zeke but since it seemed that he was angry about him, but i mean it can possibly happen.   I think that wasn't the best choice to not let Armin and Mikasa see Eren, like they know him the best, if someone would have to interrogate him, those should be them. On the other hand, it's clearly tough for both of them, which is understandable, they haven't talked since the attack ended basically.  That ending oh boy! Pieck is already in there, now things for sure will speed up, the amount of pressure is building up tho, let's see how it ends.  
Whew, I might get a diabetes from the amount of Mikasa screen time in this episode. ꒡ꆚ꒡
I'm personally glad Hitch is still the same as before, I mean she's lazy to work  The Paradisian Island Raid will begin ?! also Pieck is on Paradis Island!
The Best thing of this episode... was that Gabi almost didnt appear...  
sometimes i'm glad i don't read a lot of sources so that i don't ended up like some insufferable source readers and this just in general for all media people get wayyyyyyy too invested in things but i also get wanting to see something you love get  it's well deserved quality but this this is some spoiled shit and not a EX-ARM disservice     glad Pyxis made that choice not a easy one to make and i'm on the side of yall can't be having this turmoil leading to a civil war when nearly the rest of the world wants you gone lol  and the foreshadowing of marleyans being sent to work in certain places has me worried at the end on what they might do with moving forward 
A revolution is coming. A civil war that will lead all of them to the point of no return.  A sudden explosion rocks the HQ of the Military that led to 3 souls and Premier Zachary dead. Mikasa and Armin was almost swept by the blast. This led to a division between the Scouts and the Military while the Azumabitos from Hizuru watched. Go get her, Mikasa, you don't deserve their ulterior motives! The protesters for Eren Jeager has spoken! SHINZOU WO SASAGEYO!!! (ngl this made me pause the episode and listen to the song)  While the division is happening back home, Eren escapes the cell as he's greeted by Floch and the believers of the New Eldian Empire. They are called the Jeagerists, and it is led by our boi Eren. We also learned that the volunteers met up with Eren before the assault in Marley, so Yelena did it that (freaking bitch). We are also led to believe that Zeke is the one that pushed Eren to attack Marley, verification of that is still illegible.  Things are finally setting up for the civil war as the Three Branches of Power, now led by Commander Pixie, will set off on a collision course with the rising command of the Jaegerists. And at the end, we're shown Gabi and Falco accompanying Kaya's family in Niccolo's restaurant. With wait WTF, Pieck is here! How the hell did that happen?!  A familiar phrase will be the title of the next episode, "Children of the Forest. Things are about to go crazy and wild as we are nearing the end of The (not really) Final Season!
Poor Armin can't even touch a crystal. Pretty funny interaction between him and Hitch. Armin x Annie confirmed YEP  What Yelena told Pixis definitely made sense. In the past Marley did cruel things to her homeland, so it's no wonder she has to much hatred towards them. But at the same time I'm sure Zeke is a huge influence on her, so there's a good chance she told Eren something (what ever those words may be) on behalf of Zeke that led to his change as well as to his solo attempt on Marley. Maybe she even has something to do with Historia getting pregnant? I think that's why Pixis thinks she was only partially telling the truth.   Also strange what Onyankopon mentioned towards Hange about Yelena. If you compare what she did in Marley with what she did in Paradis, then her behavior seems very controversial. So yeah right now Yelena as a person and her role in all of this still is an mystery. Hange is definitely right in not trusting her.  I wasn't even remotely prepared for the explosion. Even if it's sad Zackly died, I am glad nothing happened to Armin and Mikasa. The whole commotion was definitely to distract from Eren and free him. At this point I just wonder what his reaction would have been if Armin and Mikasa had died instead of the 3 random soldiers? With all what's going on he didn't even try to speak to them which is strange when you know their relationship.   Oh there's the Eren scene from the trailer. I agree the scene itself didn't looked as good as in the trailer but we got a bunch of other great looking shots of him, so I'm fine with it.   My god the military is so stupid. They schemed to take the Founder Titan without involving Hange for example and think nothing was going to happen? At least Pixis is someone you always can rely on. He's absolute right. With their decisions they've lost over 100 soldiers + Eren who's their only chance in surviving the upcoming war against the rest of world. So if this would end up in a civil war it's guaranteed the Eldians downfall. Of course, that shouldn't mean that it justifies Zackly's death, but despite all of this, they have to find a way to work together with Eren and the Yeagerists.  I hope Hange is able to find out Zekes true intention. I have no clue how she will manage to do this, but she's smart enough I would say. Seeing Pieck at the end makes everything even more complicated and can normally only end up in an absolute disaster.   Can't wait for next sunday to see my boy Levi again.      
damn this episode was real nice, didnt expect that dude to die. really loving this arc with all these politics, lots of stuff came to light in this episode. that scene with eren on the hill was pretty cool, wonder how all this will turn out..? also, pieck at the end there!??
I'm so angry at the People of Paradis Island who were protesting in front of the HQ,,,Like when the Premiere got caught in the explosion and dropped dead in front of them, they literally said "Our anger has reach them, Now it's time to fight?!" SHINZOU WO SASAGEYO?! Where was your fighting spirit when Titans were killing your own and all you did was blame the Scouts who literally lost their lives for a greater cause?! Like yes the situation is very different from back then  but their fighting spirit for a cause you're yourself are not sure about and not towards the creatures who almost wiped you out is something which just pisses me off-
That SHINZOU WO SASAGEYO reminded me of Erwin T^T it gave me goosebumps
Not many anime that showcase the political side of war. That's what I appreciate about this.  Also a fan of how it's a civil war where you are actually conflicted over who's side to be on
Armin talking to Annie is so cute. If Annie's in a coma-like situation, she can definitely hear Armin.  Boom! Sayonara Zachary. Eren escaped! The Jaegerists will do anything for Eren's sake, believing that only him can save the  Eldia.  However, as the time pass by, Eren, Mikasa and Armin are slowly drifting apart. I doubt Eren will listen to them if they will talk. Eren decided to take the dark path alone. Most probably because he doesn't want to see his precious friends hurting or worse dying.  Spy Pieck! Pieck is also using a newspaper just like Jean. lol  
Okay, I am terribly disappointed. I've been trying to love MAPPA's animation since the beginning, and during this chapter I tried to concentrate on the dialogues and the plot, but it's very hard to concentrate when every scene, every shot, every character, every scenery is badly drawn. Some will tell me: "Be thankful that at least MAPP took over the series and now we have a fourth season". I would say it would have been better not to have fourth season if this was going to be the end result.  Many say that possibly MAPPA will fix the mistakes on the Bluray version, but does MAPPA have any prior history of fixing their mistakes on the BDs? I've heard NO, they don't fix almost anything. The case of WIT STUDIO fixing their errors was an exception to the rule, not the norm.  It is a lie if you guys think that if MAPPA had not grabbed this season then we would never have AOT S4. LIES. It would have pass 1-2 years, when the coronavirus situation would be past water, and another study would have picked it up with better working conditions and time. I would have preferred that than having to conform myself with the mediocrity that MAPPA has given us. There are good chapters, yes, but only 3 or 4 out of the 12 we have had, because the rest have been "regular" and "bad".   I am one of those who would have preferred not to have attack on titan for 4-5 years and that when the season came out, it came out with its best conditions. Not this, this is only depressing.   Sorry if my english is terrible, its not my first language
Yeah, This episode was simply very amazing and fantastic from the beginning till the end. We got to see Hitch for the first time this season, she looks really very different(and surely very cute). Yelena confirmed that she met Eren before he went to Marley. Zachary's Death was really out of the blue, I did not see that coming. It was also nice to see that the people supported Eren. The Jaegerists are in full form now. Eren, Floch and everyone else is ready to rumble.  (That Eren jacket scene was too hot) The next few episodes will really be awesome as the story is slowly but surely reaching its climax(atleast thats what I think) The Survey Corps are going to encounter Falco and Gabi. And seeing Pieck inside Eldia really gave me the chills.  Overall a real Banger of an episode
That was a rough episode. My least favorite of what's aired so far this season. For an episode with as little action as this one had it was incredibly jarring to see so many poorly drawn scenes of people just sitting around and talking. And, the Pieck reveal at the end didn't feel as grand as I was expecting it to be. Maybe the poor looking shot of the scouts riding by on horses took me out of being immersed into what I was watching before that final reveal.
Decent episode. Paridis Island is a mess right now with the rising of the Yaegerists and the premier's death. Peick is in Marley! Really wondering what is going on with Yelena, Zeke and Eren. I really want to know what they're up to. Looking forward to the next episode.
Imagine complaining about a character wearing a jacket, people are just ruining this season with their dumb ass concepts  🤡
  Wow cool story bro that’s so cool!
  Glad you liked it!
   Sort of agree with you ,even I thought the same ,they shouldn't have rushed with the production ,and manga readers should stfu
Its a real shame Mikassa is so butch in this season its kind of ruined her character design. Anyhow speaking of Mikassa the more this season goes on the more I think she will end up having to kill Edren at the end. If only they had made Eren more than a one dimensional character so I'd actually care what happens to him.
I've been waiting for this ep to see all the iconic scenes, the shit machine, Zachary's public execution and Eren's badass assembly with the other Yeagerist as the sun rises for the glorious beginning of a powerful force that will soon change the world.   However... To be frank, this ep disappointed me in various aspect, the censorship being a big thing along with some inaccuracies in some scenes shown in this ep. Quite a shame for such vastly monumental events occurring throughout this ep.   Well, nevertheless, the season hasn't ended yet, there is more to see and hopefully, the next ep adapted the chapters well as it usually does.
I know everyone’s like Eren ahhh Eren jacket scene Eren ahhhh chadren  But man FL O C HHHHHHHHHH
 Sounds more heroic.
  Without spoiling things, a lot of stuff will be cleared up in due course. That said, I never enjoyed SnK the same way after the timeskip and a lot of it has to with how much Eren changed. I absolutely understand the point that Isayama was trying to make by including Marley and expanding the scope of the world/narrative, but I wish he had handled things differently, specially in the treatment and fleshing out of Eren.  
That jacket scene, Eren looks like a dove (crying)
MAPPA might suppress other anime studios. 
Pog Peick gave Eren the ultimate UNO reverse  
Holy shib man, the climax and hype bar just went to the moon, the next episodes is gonna be epicly hype asf.  Also, nani we saw Pieck in Paradis?
Damn that jacket scene was so damn cool it was so satisfying RIP Zachary and Armin now has a crush on Annie. Great
That jacket scene tho. Great episode, no much to say about this one.
I think most people who paid attention to the visuals will agree that there were quite a few off-model character drawings. This has been happening time and time again throughout the season, and every time I tell myself 'Oh, that's just a minor drawing error, no worries, it'll be fixed in the blu-ray', but the way those errors have added up throughout all these episodes, combined with the fact that the blu-ray is coming out pretty soon after the airing finishes, and the fact that they're working on stuff like Chainsaw Man in the background, and probably Jujutsu Kaisen blu-ray touch-ups as well, makes me think that we won't be seeing much changes in the AoT Season 4 blu-ray at all.   
Undercover Pieck had me way more hyped in the manga, just could've been surprise factor, tho. Nice episode nonetheles. The story carries.     +1  what makes it worse imo is that the radical change feels so forced with addition of "cool" and "badass" moments. It's like Isayama didn't have the best possible character writing in mind but what would make the most noise. It admittedly worked xD
Ohayo Pokko, welcome to the island of devils, where freedom is you with us or you dead, according to some eldians.  On a funny note, Jager Bomb is not just a meme anymore!!
  I'm not a fan either, I never read the manga, but that still doesn't stop me or others from pointing that this particular episode is sloppy in it's direction and animation choices.  You're also reafirming my point about pure conformism, you're quite ok with the show how it is presented just for the sake that this last part is being animated.  Your problem is that you have a very low bar and it triggers you that others with a higher bar or know what they are talking about are vocal about the obvious flaws of what this last season has been.  I'd like to see you prove I'm wrong so far.
Every new episode gets me excited man. Things are heating up. Can't wait to see the next episode
thats a still frame uk and many animes has this  
Yeah I know, and ??????
the animation was so weird in this episode
I never expected a civil war again after S3 part 1. This anime is getting better and better.
The animation didn't kinda hold but the latter part of the episode was fire.
100 % would choose to read the manga over the anime, can go through dialogue faster. Mappa is not doing anything to make the adaption worthwhile, music, pacing, animation are all lacking so why even watch the anime at all? Its not giving me a better experience of the manga in any facet? Why do ppl accept this? 
Good episode. Has a nice set up I'm waiting for the pay off. Also I don't have sympathy for either side really I don't really care about either.    The art in the manga is also lacking and sketchy as fuck.
  Looking better than this season thats for sure
Eren's jacket scene <3 I kept repeating it cuz it's soooo hot 🥵  I always say this every episode, but shit really about to go down hell from here AOT: civil war.    
I love the fact that Eren is going rogue with his own faction. I really hope they're wrong and Eren isn't being manipulated by Zeke but doing it out of his own will and intelligence. 
Can't wait to hear some news from Monke Hotel. Preview has clearly shown that we will see Zeke and Levi again. 
Oh boy. The opening scene of this episode really displayed how outdated and ill suited Armin's voice acting has become. He is supposed  to be a man but he sounds like a prepubescent kid. Shame they didn't get the voice actor to speak more deeply, or even replace her wth a new one. The blonde bowl cut lady sounds more like a man than Armin does. Armin's voice has always been a weakpoint of this show but it was at least more believable when he was a kid. 
We all thought this season was gonna be about the Eldians fighting the rest of the world for survival... we were very wrong. It's the people of Paradis Island that are destroying themselves from the inside out. Seems like things are about to get worse too; looks like Marley has infiltrated Paradis!   I'm dying to know what made Eren completely change because he wouldn't do all this unless there was a good reason and I wanna know just what Zeke's game is! 
Ok, so what is the issue with them Jagerist and them Eldians????
4 episodes left, Anime original ending here we come :D
Is this still supposed to be the last season? How the hell is the rest of the story supposed to fit into 4 episodes?
What a boring episode. I'm super tired of the political dialogue. What is the rumbling anyway? And I still don't understand why they kept Eren in prison in the first place. Did we get an explanation and I'm too dumb to get it or this anime being mysterious and pretentious?
  Omg thank you. Absolutely agreed.
 this is only part 1 and it ends with chapter 116, the manga lasts till chapter 139 so there will be definitely a part 2 with 12-14 episodes
 I'll try to explain, but i can tell you in general haven't really been paying attention to the plot much, anyway tho. 1. Rumbling refers to using the colossal titans within the walls in order to destroy entire nations, and there are even enough titans to destroy the entire world. 2. Rumbling can only be used if Eren makes contact with with a titan of royal blood(Historia's and Zeke's bloodline), because if he is not in contact with them then he cannot use the power of the founding titan, which allows the user to control all pure titans(non titan shifters). 3. Zeke had a plan that he suggested to the military of paradis island, it involved using sort of mini rumbling in order to scare off the world, and give them enough time to modernize. 4. The problem is - it involves Historia. Eren doesn't want to in any shape or form sacrifice Historia. And that is the reason why he vehemently disagreed with the plan when it was suggested. Afterwards he started moving on his own, doing insane stuff, and completely losing military's trust, and even his friends trust. 5.  Eren was in the jail and separated from Zeke, because the military doesn't trust both Him and Zeke. They even planned to replace him, have someone eat him and gain his powers. And they also wanted to feed Zeke to Historia after she gives birth. 
Ok so, I had high hopes going into this episode since the last 3 episodes were really just dialogue but, I was wrong to do that honestly.  First off, don't get me wrong, I love when a show spends time on developing the story as well as the main conflict and this episode actually did that fairly well but, I do have to mainly say that, this episode felt pretty good up until the middle. IMO, it felt super forced when they killed off Zachary and Nile was just like "Let's call them the Jaegerists!" (I have not read the manga so idk if it's like that there).   All I hope is that next episode we see A. What's goin on between Eren and Zeke. or B. Levi and Mikasa kickin some ass.
Thread Cleaned  Removed a ton of abuse, spam and trolling. I don't think I need to tell everyone here, but please follow the Site & Forum Guidelines. If you break the rules, you're at risk of receiving a warning or a ban.  Please also use your comments or private messages if you want to chat with someone. 
Really guys? 99 % of u are pirating the anime. How dare u even complain? Pathetic.
Are we seriously batching over a jacket scene? Lmaooooo. I hope Mappa just ends it at 116 and leaves you all in the dirt. Calm down holy shit
 Agree with both of you. I loved that scene in the manga, but it was my least favorite scene in this episode.
 i guess no action=bad episode lmfao.
Eh, this episode was okayish. I felt the animation in this one was a bit average like that of Horimiya.  MAPPA has done a great job, but then again WIT Studio would've been perfect. Zachery died, lol. Yelena sus.  7/10 for this one.
The jaegerist are coming to fulfill the rumbling...   and this time the citizens are the one saying sasageyo... hahaha...  and we also have some Eren JAcket moment... hahaha
Btw does anyone know in what chapter number of the manga are we in the anime? i might read and finish it that way before the next part of the anime comes out.
  Start at chapter 111, but the anime will end at chapter 116.
 Thanks bro, yeah i was reading a little on the volumes and chapters and volume 28 which starts with chapter 111 seems like the right choice, we just got voume 32 published in my country so i'm buying 28 onwards.
The death of the Commander-in-Chief was painful. What are you thinking, excited, motivated and eagerly waiting for some of the children of the forest and the presence of levi ♥
The only thing carrying this season is the source material itself and the plot because even the actual quality of simple character animation is decreasing. Also, why didn't they use abs scene from the trailer? I simply can't find any logical explanation for this. Ruined that moment completely! Wit understood the fans and delivered on hype moments, very disappointing!
Pretty decent episode. I wonder how much left is in the story (anime only here) because it feels like it's not close to ending yet but there's only four episodes left in the season.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zaKOQ8fKho4&ab_channel=harrenysk  lol a literally random on 4chan did a better job directing this iconic scene than a multimillionaire company, sorry mappa just sucks if they cant even do an iconic frame of 2 sec justice
 This portrays Eren as some kind of badass hero. The direction of the original is purposefully ambiguous, as has the whole season, about the true heroes or villains of the season. We saw this with declaration of war as well. You can like the direction of that one more but I don't think its fair to say "they did it better" without looking at the intention behind each. Just because the original isn't as epic doesn't make it any worse. 
y  you forget that that they played 2volt during declaration of war thats literally a hero's theme, i can understand cg titans bec of time restraint (eventho wit had same time as mappa lol) but they ruined many iconic shots this season that werent even difficult to make (reiner suicide, eren mirror, eren jacket) meanwhile even gabi gets better art and directing then the fucking main character
trsut me man. later u will have a heart attack regarding that restraunt
 I wouldn't say 2volt is necessarily a hero's theme given it also plays for the colossal titan falling at the end of s2 ep7 (albeit a different point in the track, I still think its worth mentioning as its worth looking at the track in its entirety to understand its meaning), and therefore the track is more tragic, but thats up to interpretation ig. I agree tho while I still like the eren mirror and jacket scenes despite the art not being great, the reiner suicide bit wasn't great. The staff rly seem to like Gabi, and while I dont rly care for her character I think its good they're focusing on her perspective a lot as it encapsulates some of the key themes of the story.
 hahaha you got it!
Finally, we're gonna start getting chad Eren screentime.  Also, the episode where everybody picked which side they on, as for me..  I'm a Yeagerist to my very core. I'm basically a wannabe Floch.
Cause it's Attack on TItan lol
Well, Annie is the Female Titan, remember? So it should make perfect sense.
Please be careful of what you wish for! We're talking about Attack on Titan here, remember? :)  yelena interests me a lot, and i am so invested in seeing how the story continues to unfold. i hope we get more insight into eren and his thought process, how he feels about leaving everyone and all that - and imagine if armin and mikasa had been caught up in the explosion, what would he have felt about that?If something bad happened to Mikasa or Armin, I think Eren would mobilize the colossal titans inside the walls to kill the entire world. ((⇀‸↼))
They cut out Eren escape scene! What a let down! At lest things are getting more interesting now. Hail Jaegerists!
  Im sorry dude, they guy did nothing but substitute the trailer scene for Eren wearing his jacket. Oh, he also successfully blared K2 the entire time and accomplished the very easy task of ruining any sort of tension in the scene.   Im surprised how many people still want some track to be blaring at high volume in the background to consider a scene good, especially after the masterclass in tension without a soundtrack that was Midnight Sun in S3P2 and also for Kenny's death in S3P1. Blaring an OST in the background like this guy did is sometimes very detrimental to the tone the story wants to set with the scene. And it also makes it hard to actually hear the dialogue being spoken.   I much prefer a subdued and slowly increasing in tempo track that they used in the episode rather than K2 in this edit which doesnt suit the tone here. There was no tension when Eren confronts Floch there with K2. A good sound designer knows how to maintain tension and which track to use when. So far, the only episode in this season with questionable soundtrack selection has been Ep 3 with Reiner's flashback. Otherwise the OST they are using beautifully supports and sets the tone the story is going for.  
Shit hit the fan very quickly.
I don't know how they want to end this anime in 4 episodes.. I guess everyone will rly die ;]
 They're not ending this in 4 episodes, it's just the claim that this is the final season is a lie, just like the fucking trailer for it.
  Ok good then keep crying till the next season airs......as if its gonna change anything....
  Lol that's a fair point.
All I wanna say is that the fact that the trio (A - M - E) is so distant, and it's getting more and more since they don't understand and can't seem to reach Eren, is really hurting me  TT A TT  I'll never forgive you Isayama for this  
My dumbass never even realized the animation quality. I mean, I did get a good laugh out if Misaka's running, but otherwise, I really enjoyed the episode.  Espically that ending. With the slower episodes giving us the perfect amount of information to lead us in a civil war, I'm VERY hyped for the remaining episodes. That ending OST really had me buzzing. I honestly can't complain even if the animation has dropped a tad. I'm just as hyped as I have been since the beginning of this ride.
  SERIOUSLY. As an anime only (manga after), not knowing anything is eating at my heart. It breaks my soul seeing everyone grow suspicious of each other. Armin and Mikasa feeling helpless of Eren really packs a punch. Honestly, it seems like they're going to end up against him in this war. :(
  Kenny's death was meant to be filled with tension? I thought it was hilarious how the director wanted to make the death of yet another hollow psycho character look so overdramatic, like we're supposed to care or feel bad for either him or Levi.
 Lol Eren suffers from hunched back.
  I get that feeling too, and it's really hurting me. > o < The fact that such close friends are growing apart is awful  TT o TT
The beginning scene was so cringey lol, those two were overreacting over touching some crystal like he was touching Annie s chest directly lol.   ... and thanks to some people complained about this episode being all talk no jutsu I was expecting this episode would be borefest like Log Horizon latest season but this episode proven to be very interesting especially scenes after that bombing, nice:)   Also for some reason I found shinzou sasageyo scene funny hihi
I like the current eren, he looks like a cool leader now, not a sappy man like before who always cries over his comrade's death
  Though I agree that some characterisation was lost in S3P1 due to them changing and rearranging the plot, Kenny was by no means a hollow psycho character. If you still think so, I would suggest rewatching S3P1 ep 10 - Friends again. There is so much characterisation of Kenny being done and so much explanation on why he is how he is and his motivations and why he wanted to eat the Founding titan and his relationship with Uri. It also goes into his regrets and his thoughts and worldview. Worldview that is relevant even now in the manga.   And yes, the silence with ost when he died amplified the tension. You are thinking what he would do with his serum injection when he suddenly thrusts it against Levi's chest and entrusts it to him. You are curious on what he will do next and then he dies. It even takes Levi by surprise and you can see it. His death hits you so suddenly and the way it was adapted is beautiful. Adding an OST here would have ruined that moment.  You feel bad for Levi as he has lost the only person he had some sort of a familial relationship with. Nuance can be done so nicely with silence if you are skilful without any loud OSTs blaring on and you can set the tone nicely. Hence, I used that as an example.   If this wasn't enough, there still is Midnight Sun which again was a masterclass in maintaining tension without use of blaring OSTs. My point is that the jacket scene doesn't really go tonally with a blaring OST like K2 which the guy earlier said was better. Any sort of nuance and tension is lost. It is just hype for hype's sake and doesn't fit the story tonally. 
This was an amazing episode! As a manga reader (though I haven't fully finished yet), I think they did a phenomenal job animating the plot and action of the manga here (especially the one Eren moment we were all waiting for, haha). The pacing was really well done, too--not too fast as to impede understanding, but quick enough to keep the viewer engaged. I'm also so in love with Hange and Onyankopon's relationship thus far.   Overall some great moments, and how could we forget: "shinzo wo sasageyo"! Who would have thought that this phrase would become so controversial. It raises the question: what does "giving your heart" truly mean, and when does "giving your heart" go too far? Although I'm not a total fan of the new animation style, Attack on Titan continues to be an amazing and compelling anime!
 That guy is a troll with S3p2 rated as 5
   Oh so are we supposed to care about opinion of a hollow psycho person now . Get a life and stop being troll
I feel like there s something missing, why are not more people within the military with Eren. And why would Mikasa even consider not being with eren ??
Damn this was pretty intense episode, RIP Zachary who met unfortunate fate . The moral of this episode is trust no one and its pretty obvious due to how things went. It seems that Eren has quite an amazing support for his destructive performance. Can't wait to see what the next week holds.  Now I'm not even gonna start debating about how Manga was adapted here or MAPPA decisions for animation on certain parts, I can't blame them of stupid deadlines that very high quality shows just shouldn't have in order to let animators have at least a bit of rest and make a satisfying result for everyone. I just wish them good luck on upcoming episodes.  
No hate for animators, but I little disappointed with this scene:   in PV it looked better...   I get they trying to make it look more realistic, but... for me it looks so strange... 😭 I'm the only one who feels this way?   I know they trying so hard, but sometimes "less is better" 🙄
Great episode again but the jacket scene looked a bit weird, I agree. 
Very good episode but I hope we won't have another "attack on government" arc. Zakary died RIP, he was a central man in obtaining control from the former king, too bad that it came to this. I like Pixis, he is a smart man, he wants to cooperate with Eren, an inner conflict will destroy the island, I don't know what Eren plans to do with Zeke but I hope he just feeds him to another Eldian, Zeke is useless and a traitor. I think it would be better to give Eren total support and control, he's just thinking about the island. At there at the end I saw Pieck, how the hell did she come here, I hope she dies a painful death. Marley became desperate.
Zachary's dead, Eren escaped and a civil war could happen. Holy Sh#t things escalated. I wonder what the jaeger brother's intentions are. Yelena seems a bit crazy but Onyankopon seems genuine. Well, Pieck has infiltrated and I expect she will try to retrieve Falco and Gabi. great episode. I also wonder how Mikasa's heritage might effect her decisions although she was pretty clearly that she didn't feel responsible for Hizuru.
Eren is bad guy now? he better has good reason or this will be stupid
I did not expect all this to happen now. Eren escaped with his people and Zachary has been bombed by the same. Paradis has been separated into two bits now and Gabi and Falco are going to do something next episode. We also saw Marelyan soldiers in Paradis. How do they keep getting in? LOL
Is it just me or this season is now more of a seinen instead of shounen?  no more comedy,it's all body horror,and to add insult to injury,we have terrorism references and anti-semitic  @GoZha @Scordolo
 I don't consider it shonen either but there's nothing we can do when Isayama wants it to be intended for Shonen.
Our own history might have been way less violent if we had more figures like Pixis. Still, I can't say that I have sympathy Zachary, he turned this situation into "kill-or-be-killed". 
  I always like seinen more than shounen in general, so, I'm really glad about this decision. I feel like what AoT has done, is pull in a large audience through its season 1 shounen appeal, and slowly matured into a more seinen series, with much more complicated characters and themes than your average anime.
   It reminds me of jjba sbr part 7 elements,part shounen and seinen,even araki says part 8 is now trascended to seinen due to he knows that his fans are maturing
How did Pieck get in without causing any ruckus?   That jacket scene was 👌🏽  Next episode will be interesting, the beginning of the main action.
Damn terrorists. Causing troubles again.
As always good episode
that episode was the building block for something huge. the eldian political structure has gone to utter chaos with them basically having to submit to the likes of eren and zeke
No way they finish the story of the manga by episode 16...something else has to be coming.  Anyway The Jaegarists have made themselves known and now the countdown is on.
Great episode. Didn't expect Zachary to have such a explosive death. But eh, he should have expected that when he decided to make plans for eating Eren. I can understand when they think Eren maybe untrustworthy since he acts on his own. That is a acceptable reason. However his actions on Marley is not unreasonable. It may not be morally right, but it's not completely unreasonable. He did nothing wrong there, especially considering they were pretty much planning to attack paradis soon.   Anyway, for the jacket scene, I liked the trailer pose better. But it's okay I guess. But pixis though, he looks pretty weird.
  Wait, how is it anti-semitic? Am I missing something?
Premier Zachary... noooo....  At least we get to see what happens with Gabi and Falco next episode
You either die a hero or you live long enough to see yourself become the villain type vibes with the Jacket scene lol. Team Eren, Pixis is right can't afford a civil war.
Damnit, this last season is so good right now. Armin, Hange and Survey corps are liberals that wants to find middle-ground and make peaceful solution.  Zakley, Pixis and military are conservatives that wants to keep things under control as long as possible. Eren and Floch being absolute chads this season are now Yeagerists who lean to fascism and want to restore New Eldian Empire. Then there is Zeke and Volunteers as fifth column.  And Marley and Warriors are enemies at the gate.  Damn I almost wish to not know what will happen next.
Rating: 4/5      • 7:47 I’m so confused by this plot. Why does it matter if she met with Eren in secret? Who cares?     • 12:04 Uhh… Okay? Why? Premier Zachary just got yeeted by an explosion.     • 12:13 This is gonna look really suspicious with Armin and Mikasa at the scene of the explosion.     • 14:50 Yeah, Eren is definitely being brainwashed and/or manipulated. Either that or he’s completely lost  his humanity.  If I saw correctly, it looked like the Cart Titan (forgot her name, Picky or something) was hanging out in Paradis Island at the end there. I wonder how she got there so quickly.
eh? is that girl on hoodie Pieck-chan?!? so now Marleyans is now infiltrating the island!? that part seems predictable. But oh god everything is still getting more Chaotic! Zeke & Yelena might be on the upperhand this time!?!? hmmmm 5/5.  and oh! nice seeing Hitch and Zachary ded lolz
Welp, now they're fighting amongst themselves. I've always hated the politics in this show, always complicated.
Yeah, that scene at the dawn lmao. Straight up reference to "Magi bring gifts to Jesus"   Have you just woken up? The references are obvious and were discussed billion times already. Marley are nazi. Eldians are Jews. Eren is their Jesus.
  And how is it 'anti'-semitic? I know the references, but I don't see how this demeans Jews? Unless, you think using this setting itself is anti-semitic(which is dumb imo).
 You probably got it wrong and guy only meant that show started to become more serious and xenophobia topic has intensified. Nothing about actual Jews and their demeaning. 
Its either that Eren is playing 4D chess here or mans just lost it. I like where the story is going
This episode had some good and interesting parts but in my opinion it was the weakest of this season so far.  In the sense that the important scenes could have been split off into other episodes instead of having a full episode to showcase them if that makes sense XD such as Eren escaping, the decision to use Zeke's location as leverage and the assassination but maybe that is just me. LOL SASAGEYO returns I know it was suppose to be serious but I couldn't help but laugh at that chanting 🤣  I don't believe Eren is going full villain I think he plans to make some sacrifice for the sake of the future of Eldians. Plus the options are not that vast at this point they are correct in trying to work together even if it might be difficult because the whole world will be turning their sights on them soon. Yelena based on her reaction seems to have a glorified obsession with not just Zeke but Eren as well in a deity type of a way so she certainly continues to be suspicious but seems like the rest of her group was unaware of her actions so it was the right call to be wary of her at the very least.   Also, as others have mentioned in this forum I don't think this show will be able to wrap things up in these last several episodes XD (even though I have not read the Manga yet) I cannot see how they would do that so a film might be coming in the near future or "The Final Season" Part 2 LOL SMH. But, I guess I will have to wait and see because now Falco and Gabi are now it the city with Sasha's family and Pieck is within the walls as well looks like Reiner's group didn't waste anytime looking forward to where the story goes from here!    
What on earth happened to Eren, man? I hope we get to find out before the season ends, at least
Pixis really is a solid leader with a decent head on his shoulders. It must be difficult for him to not want any kind of revenge after what happened with Zackery.
Eren went through hell just to reach this point they smoking dick if they really thought he was just gonna sit in his little cell and let them take the Founding titan from him 
So it begins!!!!!
Oh, it seems it will get intense very soon. Armin must be in love with Annie, this is so cute, lol. :D I really expected Eren to escape the prison and seeing Floch as the main character of the "Yaegerist army" didn't surprise me. For now I'm really curious what Eren is up to and I'm now on their side, the grandpa who got blown up was really annoying me. :D (and yes, Eren is acutally hot :D) I just wish the trio A+E+M will get to meet eventually and will be friends again, otherwise it would be really disappointing. :( I just fear they will fight each other in the end though. I think the most important thing now is to unify everyone so they can prepare for the Marley attack, since as we have seen, Warriors are already in Paradis.
Eren character more badass. Too much ups and downs story but interesting.
I don’t know which side I’m supposed to be rooting for. But two words: holy shit. This was such a ride and I can’t wait for the grand finale.
"We will now call them the anti-military organization, Yeagerists."  "Their one and only goal should be to put ZEKE & EREN in contact. Then, to remake the military with EREN at the top."  
Armin be stealing not only Bertholt's life and his titan, but his girl too? Brutal...  Civil war is the last thing Eldia needs, especially considering it seems that they've been infiltrated by the Marleyans. As crazy as Eren is, he looks like the only one who can save them from being destroyed by Marley. The main government just wants to sit there and be conquered.
I can't believe this is the least discussed forum for the final season part one on MAL. The entire restaurant scene was incredible. The second they entered the basement I knew shit was goin down. The whole reveal was wonderfully executed. Again, how are more people not talking about this?  I also applaud AOT for not flooding this episode with Sasha flashbacks. Actually, I don't think Sasha was depicted even once. And yet half of the episode revolved around her death. It's incredible how they killed Sasha off early in the season and how they're finding ways to continue her involvement -- whether it be through flashbacks or through her family and Nicolo. She's been dead for awhile but she's been a topic of discussion (in the show) for a while. That's really clever storytelling.   Also, I can't believe people are complaining about the animation. Who cares if it's a slight stepdown from the prior seasons. Who cares if another studio is animating it. Who cares if the character designs are off. It's all close enough. The animation in this series still beats out 95% of any other existing anime. The production of this series is immaculate, and people are nitpicking. They're letting their pickiness get in the way of their enjoyment of the show. I hate lazy studios and corner-cutting too, but people aren't giving any credit where credit is truly due.   (Although, that one observation about Eren's hair being incorrect (a man bun) when visiting Yelena is pretty clever. I didn't catch it myself. We can give the animators a slap on the wrist for that blunder, but it's not really a big deal. Something small like that shouldn't define or encapsulate everything else in the show... little errors like this are inevitable with such a grand-scale production. ... Even if you think the animation is a stepdown, the production still is grand-scale.)
  Let us say it's because of those people who discussed about the animation being bad ,those retards   AOT has its best experience when is best watched when it is not airing weekly
I almost forgot about Conny's vendetta against Zeke ever since Conny's entire village got turned into titans by none other than monke himself. Makes sense how pissed off Conny is at Eren for going with Zeke's plan for the past few episodes.
